hi there this is neo STS with watermark
marine group come aboard today Xanadu
and Alban 40-footer twin engines and I'm
just going to do a quick little review
here of the exterior as you can tell the
engines are running here
engines are very well maintained very
little to no smoke leave their engine
see here your mast up to your flat
bridge you'll notice that this trawler
is no teak decks all fiberglass decks
our windows excellent condition no signs
of leakage at all all of the teak work
on the boat has just been refinished as
you can tell
this is a classic magnificent condition
Albin trolley it is ready to do the loop
or take you to any destination that you
want the vessel has three separate
anchors for any conditions just got
those gorgeous Alban lines one of the
most respected vessels in the entire
trawler world right here this vessel is
located in Brunswick Georgia just about
a mile off of the ICW
she is ready to be provisioned and put
to sea thank you